Update README.md (#478)
primeqa/primeqa: README.md

```shell
conda install -c conda-forge openjdk=11
```
## :speech_balloon: Blog Posts

> There're several blog posts by members of the open source community on how they've been using PrimeQA for their needs. Read some of them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out these blog posts on using PrimeQA for different use cases by members of the open source community:
```

> 1. [PrimeQA and GPT 3](https://www.marktechpost.com/2023/03/03/with-just-20-lines-of-python-code-you-can-do-retrieval-augmented-gpt-based-qa-using-this-open-source-repository-called-primeqa/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. [PrimeQA and GPT-3](https://www.marktechpost.com/2023/03/03/with-just-20-lines-of-python-code-you-can-do-retrieval-augmented-gpt-based-qa-using-this-open-source-repository-called-primeqa/)
```
